DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"A Place Far From Home!\"
SHUN: At the edge of the Doom Dimension
we met the six legendary soldiers of Vestroia.
We told them that we wanted to stop Masquerade
from destroying both our worlds
but they wanted us to prove ourselves.
So they sent us to the \"world of tests!\"
Shun!
Everything's all right Shun!
We're here?
I guess so...
The last thing I remember is the legendary six soldiers
and then I woke up next to you.
What?
A train?
This isn't what I imagined the \"world of tests\"
would look like at all.
This could be any place back home,
except of course that there's no one around
but you and I...
It's like a ghost town!
Look, everything is so run down.
I wonder if the other Brawlers are around somewhere?
No we're supposed to be here alone.
Then let's keep moving!
I don't know why those legendary soldiers
sent us here...
...but I do know we're in this strange place for a reason.
Yeah.
If being alone is the \"test\"
then this is way too easy...
It doesn't bother me being on my own.
I don't need anybody...
I can take care of myself, no problem.
Oh hello!
I guess your train was late huh?
Uh, you were expecting me?
Yeah I was getting bored...
I need someone to play with?
Play what?
How about tag!
You're it!
Come on!
Try to catch me!
Catch you?
\u266a You can't catch me! You can't catch me! \u266a
Who is she?
I don't know but she seems to know you.
Yeah she does...
Well I guess it wouldn't hurt to play along for awhile.
If this game is part of the test
then we've already passed for sure!
I'm over here!
Now you're it!
Uh-uh.
You have to step on my shadow to win!
What?
Those are the rules 'cause we're playing shadow tag!
Just kidding!
Hey wait!
Now I got ya!
Hey you're fast!
Okay!
Onto the next game!
Another one?
Yeah!
Kick the can!
Come on! Follow me!
She sure seems happy to have you here.
I'll say...
You're up!
It's your turn now!
Okay here I go!
That was a good one!
It's more fun to play with someone than it is
to be alone all the time!
Sometimes...
You mean you like to be alone?
Yeah it's okay...
Oh?
I have a bunch of friends.. But they can be a handful.
You're lucky.
I don't think I've ever heard you laugh before Shun...
It's good to see this side of you!
Hey look over here!
This is my favorite place of all.
I always come up here and look at the sunset.
As long as the sun is in the sky I never feel lonely.
It makes me really happy.
Shun...Don't you think it's beautiful?
Yeah..
I haven't seen a sunset like that..
Well since I was your age...
This really brings back a lot of memories.
Something's not right about all this.
And what's that?
I'm not sure how long we've been here but the sun
is still in the same position in the sky.
It's as if it's never going to go down!
Yeah it isn't moving?
I wonder what that means?
I know!
If the sun always stays up in the sky..
We can keep playing forever if you want to...
Hey.. Mom I'm home!
Mom? Mom?
[coughing]
Oh no! What's wrong?
Wait Shun...I thought you were going over to Dan's
to play after school today?
No, not today Mom!
Oh come on...You know you can't fool me!
Well I...?
There now...It's my job as your Mother to know
what you're up to.
I'm sorry...I knew you weren't feeling well
and I didn't want you to be here all by yourself.
Thank you Shun.
Oh look at that...
When I was young I used to wish the sun would never set..
That way I could play as long as I wanted too.
I had so many friends back then,
almost as many as you do now...
That was a really happy time.
My friends and I would play all kinds of games.
We had so much fun!
Sunsets like that don't last forever
so enjoy them while you can.
She's just like...
My Mom...
Don't let it get to you.
This is only part of the test!
I'm glad you're here...
I've been really lonely without any one to talk to.
When I got here, there was nobody around...
I looked everywhere but I couldn't find anyone..
I tried to keep myself busy but pretty soon I got bored.
...It's not much fun being alone..
Oh well at least I had the sunset to look at!
Then I saw you..
And I hoped you'd stay and play with me!
Please?
What are you going to do Shun?
Please Shun...
I have another really good game we can play now!
Look at this!
-Bakugan? -This is it!
This is the test
Oberus the Vestroia soldier was talking about!
And you're going to have to battle this little girl!
You wanna play!
It's lots of fun?
Shun..If this little girl is your Mother...
Then you're going to have to focus
if you want to make it through this!
I'll try Skyress...
But this test just got a lot harder all of a sudden.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
GIRL: Okay Shun!
It's time for a showdown!
Let's play Bakugan!
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Ventus manion stand!
Ventus Ravenoid stand!
BAKUPOD: Bakugan recognized!
Ready!
Gate card open!
Ability card activate!
Character!
BAKUPOD: Manion power level has doubled to 700 G's!
Ability card activate!
Storm breaker!
BAKUPOD: Manion power level now at 350 G's!
Oh wow! Great move!
You used a Ventus ability card?
And that instantly cancelled out the effect
of my \"character\" ability card!
Okay let's see you beat this!
Here! Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Ventus bee striker stand!
Ventus Ravenoid stand!
You're setting her up?
I have got to win this!
I don't think your strategy will work!
Why not?
Because I know you're thinking of using the Ventus
Triple Chain.
That's a bad move!
How come?
Oh because, it's just so easy for me
to tell what you're thinking!
Remember..It's my job as your Mother to know
what you're up too!
Shun are you okay?
Now it's time to find out how good you really are!
Bakugan brawl!
Oberus stand!
[\u266a]
BAKUPOD: Bakugan Oberus recognized!
Oberus is one of the legendary soldiers
who sent us here!
He's very powerful Shun.
Be careful!
I will!
BAKUPOD: Oberus' power level is at 500 G's.
It currently dominates the Bakugan field.
Gate card open!
Quartet battle!
[\u266a]
So you think you beat me in a quartet battle do you?
You're wrong again!
Ability card activate!
Turmoil!
What? Turmoil?
BAKUPOD: Oberus' power level has increased to 700 G's!
Whoa!
I can't beat that!
Oh no!
Good! At least you've still got Monarus!
Oh I guess I should have told you that Turmoil
is an ability that only Oberus has...
It can attack with an increased power level
of 200 G's automatically
but it can only defeat one Bakugan.
And that's why you got to keep Monarus!
But I could have lost both my Bakugan in that battle...
You're good...
Why didn't you use an ability card that would
defeat both of them?
Because I want to keep on playing with you.
Oh come on now... We'll have lots of fun!
Snap out of it Shun!
Wake up!
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Monarus stand!
Oh wow!
Hey let's have a race next!
A race?
Yeah!
My Bee Striker versus your Monarus and we'll see which
one can fly higher okay?
Ability card activate!
Scarless twister!
[\u266a]
You lose!
The Scarless Twister lets me pull the opponent I'm battling
into my area of the Bakugan field.
Pretty neat, huh?
Shun! Put me in the game!
Okay!
Bakugan brawl!
Ventus Skyress stand!
[\u266a]
You're so pretty!
But that won't help you beat me!
Bakugan brawl!
Bee striker stand!
[\u266a]
Go get 'em Bee striker!
BAKUPOD: Advantage Bee Striker!
That's it!
Gate card open!
Trade off!
Oh no, with the trade off ability card the Bakugan
with a power level higher than 400
automatically loses...!
This battle isn't over yet!
The sun's still up, we can keep playing!
You in?
She's a real brawler just like you!
Can you handle this Shun?
Hey Shun!
I always know I can trust you
no matter what battle you put me in...
But now I think it's time for you
to put your trust in me!
I trust you...
Prove it.
Gate card set!
Ready Skyress?
Always...
Bakugan brawl!
BAKUPOD: Oberus and Skyress enter the Bakugan field!
You've underestimated both me and my friend!
I don't think so!
Gate card open!
Energy merge!
This is the gate card that takes 100G's of power level
from the Bakugan that entered the battle last
and adds it to the first Bakugan on the field!
BAKUPOD: Power exhange from Oberus to Skyress recognized.
I bet you didn't see this coming did you Oberus!
It's no use Skyress!
I've seen all your tricks before!
We'll see!
Try and stop this!
Ability activate!
Turmoil!
BAKUPOD: Oberus's power level 600 G's!
Noooooo!
You've flown right into my trap Skyress!
[laughter]
You're finished!
Skyress!
That won't help!
There's no way you can win this battle
so what do you want to play next?
Next?
I know lots of games
and we can play as long as we want to here...
The sun never sets!
Shun stay here with me...
Of course I'll stay Mom.. Nothing else matters now..
I can take care of you.. Everything will be all right..
Things will be just like they used to be..
There's nothing to worry about anymore...
It'll be just you and me, forever and ever...
SKYRESS: Shun!
The little girl is just a mirage...
Oberus is playing tricks on you.
Skyress...No?
Listen! This is not where you belong!
You have to get back to your own world!
The world where your friends are!
Oberus has just been testing you!
Don't listen to her Shun!
[Skyress screams]
Shun!
I want to stay...
You can't Shun!
You have to get back in the battle!
Skyress!
NO!
Don't let that bother you.
Everything's okay.
You can stay here forever and ever!
No way!
I really don't belong here...
I've been alone too long...
I need to see the friends I have back in my world...
And I need Skyress!
But Skyress had to sacrifice everything
for me to realize all that!
...Everything...
[crying] I'm sorry Skyress...
BAKUPOD: Skyress power increase recognized!
Whoa!
BAKUPOD: Skyress power level at 550 G's!
I don't believe it!
Skyress has evolved!
She has become Storm Skyress!
You're back!
And to think I almost gave up on you!
Remember I told you
all you had to do was get back in the battle,
well I'm just taking my own advice!
It's sounds simple but it's true.
You don't have to face every battle on your own Shun.
Your friends need you as much as you need them.
And I know you know this now,
but we're much stronger when we're together
than when we're apart!
My ability card?
...It's changed...
Let's finish this battle!
Ability card activate!
Destruction Meteor Storm!
It's time for the sun to set...
Right now!
The past is gone Oberus!
We're moving into the future!
This test is over!
It's time to let us go!
You can't hold us here any longer!
We've already broken free!
BAKUPOD: Storm Skyress increase to 650G's!
You can't leave until I say you can!
Looks like you win.
[screech]
[laughing]
Whoa! Look at that, the sun is finally setting.
Well anyway I had fun playing with you Shun.
Yeah thanks.
Maybe I'll see you again someday!
I hope so.
Bye Bye!
Goodbye! Take care!
Goodbye.
Everything is going to be okay...
I know what I have to do..
And I've got my Mom to thank for it...
And you too of course Storm Skyress!
Hey that's what friends are for!
What happened? Where are we now?
STORM SKYRESS: I don't know but this looks familiar to me.
Look around you!
This is what my world Vestroia looks like now.
I sometimes wonder what kind of future there will be
for this place but I haven't given up hope yet.
Please don't...
I know tomorrow will be better...
Hopefully for both of our worlds...
STORM SKYRESS: You can trust him Oberus.
I know I can.
Thank you.
You and your friends have many more battles
ahead of you Shun.
If you are true to one another you will win them all.
Good luck.
Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
Runo must face her test
from the six legendary soldiers of Vestroia
but what she doesn't know is that
it will be a test of her courage as well as her mind.
It's going to be her ultimate challenge
and if she succeeds
it will mean the Brawlers will be stronger for it.
But if she fails
it will spell disaster for her world as well as mine.
Failure is not an option!
So don't miss the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!